1. Who developed Python Programming language?
Ans: Guido van Rossum

2. Which type of programming does python support?
Ans: supports both object-oriented and procedural programming

3. Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans: Yes

4. What is the correct extension of the python file?
Ans : .py

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans : Python is Interpreted language

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans : For, If - Else, While code blocks, and indentation is used to define these code blocks in Python.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans :  # is used for single line comment.


8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans : 	simport sys
	print (sys.version)

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called?
Ans : Lambda

10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans : Pip stands for "preferred installer program"

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans : len(), list(), tuple(), str(), dict(), type(), sum(), range()

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans : maximum of 79 characters

13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans : 	* Easy to read, learn and write
	* Open source and large active community base 
	* Presence of numerous python modules
	* Object-Oriented and Procedural  Programming language
	* Efficient Language
	* Dynamically typed language(no need to mention data types)
	* Portable across Operating systems
	
14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans : 	Memory management in python involves private heap memory which contains all python objects and data structures,
	Interpreter takes care of this heap and programmers does not have access to it.
	This allocation of heap space is done by Python memory manager.
	Python has in-built Garbage collector, it frees up heap space as and when there is dead objects or the objects 
	which are no longer referenced

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans : 
	Download latest version of python(.exe) from python.org and double click to install
	Setting path variables:
		1. Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
		2. Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
		3. Clicking on the Environment Variables button o?n the bottom right.
		4. In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
		5. Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans : Yes, it is needed to define block of python statements